In some occassions, the playzone refuses to accept any more cards.
Must be in relation to the animations. - FIXED - This was not a bug. Cards won't get played if they cost too much or if there isn't enough  time to play them. I was confusing myself!


-- DESIGN BUGS:
The price of hotels should be reconciled somehow. I think we went with some sort of conversion rate, where
one money is actually equal to one hundred dollars in real life or something along those lines.

 Should every card have an issue, or should every card have a RISK factor that determines if they get an issue
 based on probability?

 Discussion on minigames remains - what are we doing for them? what should determine when they happen?

 Banquet minigame is much more fleshed out now.

 I need to figure out how to reconcile the hotel cards into something that makes sense.

----

Add hotel staffing options

Hotels technically are something you can pay for now; however, I'd like to adjust the numbers so they
are better conveyed. There also needs to be default options if you can't get a hotel in time.

Furthermore, there may be a need to decide at the start whether you are doing a hotel deal or not.

---

Need to prevent the banquet game from showing up every turn if you fail it. See "NOTE7"

Figure out how room deals factor in with attendance.

Check Amenities. Figure out how the rate affects the final calculation.

---

More progress made on logistics system - still needs much more work.
Lynchpin of the game's development.

---
Current plan:
Start -> Budgeting + logistics
Middle -> Entertainment + logistics
End -> Entertainment and Marketing

Throughout it all you experience wildcards

Cards: Use symbols for money and approval or state it outright using numbers?

ADD ENDING DIALOGUE - then technically the game will be playable end-to-end

---

Hotel Questions:
Stick with Suite idea or move to a more simplified (if you get > N amount of rooms, you get a discount) plan?
If we're sticking with Suites, how does that work programatically? 

Refine banquet minigame so you always get a good selection of meals to choose from, and possibly
add an approval-altering incentive to it! (Half-fixed. Missing approval incentive)

---
(FIXED) Consider adding a list section for the banquet minigame options - just so they aren't spread haphazardly.

---
Reflect the need for a union in the Logistics LUI
Perhaps we should make amenities not required.

---
Add more appropriate random names for things like hotels, bands, meals,  etc

---
Idea: Booking entertainment early might increase attendance or approval because Popular Band X can be marketed
Fundraising cards may have floor space requirement - move it away from entertainment
Fundraising cards more often have floor space, entertainment less.

---
If you fail to get a hotel, then it defaults to the venue hotel, which has mid-tier properties or some kind of detriment. NOT IMPLEMENTED
Figure out how many rooms the player gets. 
Should the room deals have "suites" that the player needs to meet, or should it be respective to the main hotel's room count?